README.md, before:

# Keystroke Spammer
Break down some text into a series of system-wide keystrokes.

## How to use (macOS only!)

1. Clone/download this repository to your computer.
2. Move the `keyspam` file to your desktop.
3. Open TextEdit or another text editor, and type in everything you want to spam people with. For example you could copy-and-paste the lyrics of Rap God.
4. Save that file to your desktop, named `words.txt`
5. Open the Terminal (/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app)
6. Copy-and-paste this into the terminal window and press enter: `~/Desktop/keyspam ~/Desktop/words.txt`
7. Accept any requests for permission. You may need to go to System Preferences and manually modify the Terminal's permissions. 
**IMPORTANT: Once you press enter you will have 4 seconds to click somewhere you would like things to be typed.** For example. the text field on Apple Messages, to spam your friends.
**Whilst things are being typed you will have zero control over your computer.** *Do not* attempt to do anything whilst the script is running. Just let things type and wait until its done.

If you need to stop the script mid-execution, the best way is to shut down your computer using the power button.


## If things don't appear onscreen

This may be a permissions error. The Terminal needs to be able to control System Events.

- Go to System Preferences ➡️ Security & Privacy ➡️ Automation and tick 'System Events.app' under 'Terminal'.
- Go to System Preferences ➡️ Security & Privacy ➡️ Files and Folders and tick 'Desktop Folder' under 'Terminal'.

Commit message:

Update readme.md troubleshooting info

README.md, after:

# Keystroke Spammer
Break down some text into a series of system-wide keystrokes.

## How to use (macOS only!)

1. Clone/download this repository to your computer.
2. Move the `keyspam` file to your desktop.
3. Open TextEdit or another text editor, and type in everything you want to spam people with. For example you could copy-and-paste the lyrics of Rap God.
4. Save that file to your desktop, named `words.txt`
5. Open the Terminal (/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app)
6. Copy-and-paste this into the terminal window and press enter: `~/Desktop/keyspam ~/Desktop/words.txt`
7. Accept any requests for permission. You may need to go to System Preferences and manually modify the Terminal's permissions. 
**IMPORTANT: Once you press enter you will have 4 seconds to click somewhere you would like things to be typed.** For example. the text field on Apple Messages, to spam your friends.
**Whilst things are being typed you will have zero control over your computer.** *Do not* attempt to do anything whilst the script is running. Just let things type and wait until its done.

If you need to stop the script mid-execution, the best way is to shut down your computer using the power button.


## Troubleshooting

#### If text doesn't appear onscreenn

This may be a permissions error. The Terminal needs to be able to control System Events.

- Go to System Preferences ➡️ Security & Privacy ➡️ Automation and tick 'System Events.app' under 'Terminal'.
- Go to System Preferences ➡️ Security & Privacy ➡️ Files and Folders and tick 'Desktop Folder' under 'Terminal'.

### If the Terminal gives you the error 'the file is not executable by this user'
- Copy-and-paste this into the Terminal: `sudo chmod +rwx ~/Desktop/keyspam; sudo chmod +r ~/Desktop/words.txt` and try running keyspam again (step 6).
